DOC-3147: Add `crossorigin` attribute to all script tags for CORS compliance. (#3762)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.0-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

=== Enhanced cross-origin resource handling

Added a new function-based `crossorigin` configuration option that provides granular control over cross-origin resource loading. The function receives the resource URL and type (script or stylesheet) as parameters and can return 'anonymous', 'use-credentials', or undefined to control the crossorigin attribute.

> [source,js]
> ----
> tinymce.init({
>   selector: 'textarea',
>   crossorigin: (url, resourceType) => {
>     // Returning 'anonymous' or 'use-credentials' here would explicitly set the attribute
>     return 'anonymous';
>     // return 'use-credentials';
>     // return undefined; // Omit the 'crossorigin' attribute for all resources
>   }
> });
> ----

Author: ```suggestion
.Example: Setting `+crossorigin="anonymous"+` to script.
[source,html,subs="attributes+"]
----
<script src="{cdnurl}" referrerpolicy="origin" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
----
Or;

.Example: Setting reusable constant function.
[source,js]
----
const crossOriginFunction = (url, resourceType) => {
    // Returning 'anonymous' or 'use-credentials' here would explicitly set the attribute
    return 'anonymous';
    // return 'use-credentials';
    // return undefined; // Omits the 'crossorigin' attribute for all resources by returning undefined 
};

tinymce.init({
  selector: "textarea",
  crossorigin: crossOriginFunction
});
----
```
